# 20230805

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EWD-76DG7Ek" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- Overall I think my pacing, particularly in toprock, is pretty good throughout these rounds.
- I _really_ like that drop at the very beginning (00:00). I need to transition from the ending of it a little better, but its got some cool intricacies to it.
- Second set 00:25 the results one foot work are starting to show. I think i need to keep developing that concept.
- Third set I need to work on that kick elbow stand drop. Honestly everything that uses elbow stands i just need to start using more. I have elbow stands in iso very strong but transitong to and from them is dicey. Same with shoulder -> head.
- First battle round @ ~1:25: gotta work on my flares again. I can't affor to lose the "Shaolin thread kick"
- Get used to using that zero reset a little more / better
- The ending at 3:40 is really nice.
- 3:50. The joke was nice. Andrix ended his round with that little head shake, which is why i responded with it. I wish i kept that in the footage. But the response is nice.

Overall, still need a little variation, I potentailly overuse the frontsweep as a reset. Drill in that elbow drop and freeze and flare again.

Austin said that my responses are generally good, but as the rounds went on its easy to tell when im running out of content. Daniel said i need to make sure I'm drawing the right amount of attention to my really intricate moves.

- To Daniel's point i think i could slow down some of my intricate combos (like that underside kickout) and make some of the intricate stuff a little bigger. Like the Kickout on the figure 4.

## Puzzles Notes:
- Add a freeze to _EVERY_ combo
- warm up with flares
- make arm threads bigger (watch bboy lego for examples)
- keep 3:15 in my pocket
- 2:35 is a nice go down
- add some knee rock
- throw a zulu on the end of that repeated casper cc
- be careful of my hand placement when im moving
- 1:57 play with the roll more. chop it up
