# Heat Check 2 20230408
## Overall Reflection
This was an odd battle. I came into it already running a fever, but somehow still managed to do a few things. However, those things were still not good enough.

I had a plan to do 4 planned moves in a round, I again only did 2. This is becoming a persistent issues and is a direct reflection on how I practice. I rely too heavily on feeling that I am able to get from music I listen to at practice, but I dont practice my my combos enough. What I should be doing is forcing my body to remember to do 5 moves in a combo. There are a few things I need to do to practice that effectively:
- Come up with the plan, even though I have selected the moves I need to physically write them down to make sure they are in my head.
- Execute the plan. Ideally I would have someone calling me out if I don't finish it, but that's not realistic. Either way I need to run the combo until I am able to reproduce it 3 consecutive times.

This works for prelims rounds, but not for out rounds. I would need to do a similar thing to prepare the outrounds, but make sure I have 10 - 15 moves planned before I go in. This unfortunately brings me to the obvious lack in number of moves I have, but if I can do this then I will have mastered the moves I already have.

Beyond this every single move I do should be valuable. If I were to just do 1 move battles, then that move should win me the battle. Again, I think this is secondary to drilling down what I already have, but this will make a huge difference if I intend to win. _There can be no trash. Everything must be valuable._

My foundation is solid, I just need a few more dynamic moves and power. My power is progressing, and so are my dynamics (the _Shaolin Flare Kick_ is an example of that pogress). It's about time I start making combos with them.

Finally I need a real practice schedule. I put in the time and work hard at each practice, but there needs to be more intention behind that.

I'm tired of losing. **This shit stops now.**

## 2v2 Prelims: We Break We Die (Gallowz + Terrence) vs Army of 2 (Fishy + ???)

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HHEqpqC7C8Q" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Reflections:
I'm glad i threw that `Shaolin Flare Kick` but this round again, is not enough. Terrence throws out a lot of variety, and I throw out a few polished moves, _but i still need more moves in my sets_. This shit is getting frustrating. I will fix this. I could have easily taken down Fishy with 2 more strong combos. I have that, I need to use it.

Also my toprock presence is weird. I went out on a beat change which kinda threw me for a second, but that's no excuse. If I'm going for those strong character poses then it has to look good. The posture is sometimes weird, it's off beat, it's whack. I _know_ I have good tops. They are solid in practice and I can catch attention in the rocking class. I need to be able to recreate feeling in this strange pressure scenario.

## Footwork Prelims: Gallowz vs MarkFlava

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MvxfHBSaiVU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Reflections:
I actully did not intend to enter the footwork competition, JFinesse just grabbed me at the last second to fill in a spot to even out the bracket. My first round was _ok_ at best. It doesnt look like the first part of the "Casper the Friendly Ninja" that I used in the footwork is quite as sharp as I like. It may have been the fever, but I need to go back and record that in a set. Either way, this battle does not concern me very much. I no longer intend to be a footwork head, and instead need to bring together all of my other rounds. Yes the footwork needs to stay high level, but that is not the primary concern.

The real concern here is the quality of the footwork moves I'm putting out. In a normal battle I for sure need at least 1 pure footwork tech per round to make it "complete". I need to make a few more quality footwork techs.
