# Headspin 10/14

At this jam i felt so bad about everything i did, but the footage is not bad. I think i need to watch my footage at battles to give myself the condfidence boost i need.

## First battle vs Mark Flava

I won this, but it's really short. I was super nervous (as i always am in prelim rounds). I think i need to just commit to doing my hardest moves in prelims and plan them out. I execute, so i need to have a plan so i can get out of my head then do my best work in the later rounds.

PUzz note:
-  my tops areimproving
- speeds in toprock and moving around
- burn and sppedd change to go down -> reall dynamic go downs
- all the threads were dope but to make it stronger! hold the poses longer
- im doing better showimng moreevels
- the moving mountain climber works
- the spin ups and endings are looking good!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4offuoOsLZ8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Second Battle vs JFanci

I lost this, but low key i think this is a really good set. The pacing is good, it's pretty musical. the last transition into the elbow freeze isnt quit as sharp as the rest of the set, but im working on it.

Puzzles note:
- the toprock is fresh
- the flow for the short gd in the beginning was dope
- make sure to hit that double burn in quicker succession
- holding the burn was dope
- try to mix things together better
    - mix the kickouts to keep things entertaining

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lLjMK5tjtyA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
